Firstly, we are reading the input from the input file.

In input, we are given ‘N’: number of vertices, ‘M’: number of edges and after that we are given M values of ‘u’ and ‘v’ such that there is an edge from ‘u’ to ‘v’.
We are creating the incidence matrix (Q) using the input and then we are finding Laplacian matrix (L) using the matrix multiplication of Q and Q-transpose. 
We are now left with finding the cofactor of any element of the matrix L as it will give the number of the spanning trees of the given graph. 
We generate two random integer values (between 1 and N-1) and now we will find the cofactor of the element Lij. 
For this, we delete the i-th row and j-th column of the matrix L and then use LU decomposition to find the determinant of the matrix. 

To find determinant using LU decomposition, we create a function that uses recursion to calculate the LU decomposition of a matrix A. 
It takes one matrix as its input and return one lower triangular and one upper triangular matrix as its output. 
For a matrix A, consider 
N: number of rows
A11: Top-leftmost element of A 
aDash: submatrix of A after deleting first row and first column 
wT: first row of matrix A excluding A11
v: first column of matrix A excluding A11

We define a new submatrix as aDash – (matrix multiplication of v and wT)/A11.
We find the LU decomposition of this submatrix by recursion and call it lDash and uDash.
We now construct our lower triangular matrix by 
1)Horizontally stacking matrix v/A11 to the left of lDash.
2)Vertically stacking a matrix of zeros of dimension 1xN to it.
3)Top-leftmost element set to 1.

Similarly, we construct our upper triangular matrix by
1)Horizontally stacking matrix of zeros of dimension (N-1)x1 to the left of uDash
2)Horizontally stacking element A11 to the left of wT matrix.
3)Vertically stacking the matrix obtained in step 2 to the top of that obtained in step 1.
We return these two matrices. 
For the base case; when order of matrix is 1x1, we return lower triangular matrix as a 1x1 matrix with value of element 1 and upper triangular matrix as A itself.

The determinant of upper/lower triangular matrix is equal to the product of its diagonal entries.
So, we calculate the products of diagonal entries of the two triangular matrices and then multiply them to get the determinant of matrix A. 
In this way, we can calculate determinant of a matrix in polynomial time.
Lastly, we multiply the value of the determinant with (-1)^(i+j) to get the number of spanning trees.
